Permit the usage of Krause House IP in Striker3

Author Name: Mario

### Permission Requested:

Grant Striker Manager 3 the ability to leverage Krause House’s IP and design assets in-game starting October 1st 2023 a 3 year contract with the possibility of breaking the agreement on a yearly basis. 

### Requested Budget:

None

### ELI5 (Explain it Like I’m 5) Project Value-Add

[Striker Manager 3](https://strikermanager.com/) (SM3), a next gen football manager game leveraging web3 technology has proposed to Krause House (KH) to partner.

**Business Model:** Implement a revenue-sharing model that is fair and equitable for both parties. This will include the following clauses for a 3 year period:

- **User Commission**: Striker Manager 3 agrees to pay Krause House 10% of the net profits generated by all users coming from Krause House. This will include revenues generated from in-game purchases and other related products. With net profits, Striker Manager 3 will pay after discounting the commissions and taxes that might apply.
    - Every user registered to Striker Manager 3 have his own promotor link. If this user invites new users, he will be linked to them indefinitely and he will receive 10% of the Ucoins (Internal SM3 token) their users buy forever. So if I invite a friend and this one buy 100 Ucoins, I will receive 10 Ucoins.
    - This will encourage Krause House football fans to spread the word.
- **Commission on Premium Assets:** Striker Manager 3 agrees to pay Krause House 50% of the net profits generated from the sale of Krause House's premium assets within the game, such as players, cosmetic items, etc. With net profits, Striker Manager 3 will pay after discounting the commissions and taxes that might apply.
- **Exclusive Discount:** Striker Manager 3 will offer users coming from Krause House a 10% discount on the purchase of plots of land within SM3 as an additional incentive for Krause House members.

Clarity on what the Krause House brand gets applied to in-game

- In terms of visibility, the KH brand will be applied to cosmetics (gloves, hats, boots, jerseys...), Striker Manager 3 will also provide KH a plot of land wherever the KH appointee wants (we will put a KH badge on) and KH will have the official team within SM3 with a distinction in it (Similar as Twitter Blue mark).
- SM3 can also put on sales of KH NFT in-game players. (SM3 will need KH’s approval before adding any of KH’s visual contents into the game - oversight by delegate Mario and Stewards).
- Also, SM3 will mention KH on their Social Networks as part of the co-marketing.
- All of this is in the beginning, if the KH community or SM3 have more ideas we can explore it all on an emergent basis.
- If we terminate the contract, SM3 can easily remove all KH branding within the game. The unique thing SM3 won't be able to remove are the KH NFTs players sold. But this will generate revenue to KH if the assets are being sold in the secondary market even though the contract may be finished.

“But Krause House is a basketball community”

- As Krause House’s playbook is transferrable across many sports, working with reputable partners across other sports will only strengthen our value proposition as a global sports community for ownership groups in the NBA and other top revenue generating leagues

In my opinion, this is low risk as this partnership outlines a win-win agreement. 

### ***Full Scope of Partnership between KH & Striker Manager 3 can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mOxYryMaBQJgSrQfof4HF5XAYPsQLuDPtV_kAUSVfL0/edit)***

# Termination Clause

In terms of termination, we will add two contacts and email addresses from both sides, **Jaume Noguera (Marketing and Licensing Manager of UPLAY Online)** and KH delegate, Mario.

Every email sent to these addresses will be valid as a formal notification. We can also agree that we have to notify, if we want to terminate early the contract, two months before we reach a date we agree upon. We can agree a date for every year and if we want to terminate the contract we have to provide the notifications two months before.

### Permission

KH delegate can be appointed by Stewards at any time, and Mario is appointed as the delegate. 

## About Striker Manager 3

**Parent Company:** Striker Manager 3 is created by [UPLAY Online](https://www.uplayonline.com/) which is an independent video game studio based in the city of Barcelona, Spain. 

Striker Manager 3 is a Play to Earn multiplayer football manager game that combines the fun of traditional football games with the ability to be the owner of your in-game assets.

Users can generate income while trading and evolving their NFT game assets, taking possession of their plots of land in the Striker Manager 3 world and becoming the real owner of their club.

[Striker Manager 3](https://strikermanager.com/) was launched in May 2023. Since the launch, more than 10K users have registered into the game and we also have arround 1.100 and 1.300 DAU and 3.500 MAU. They are planning an extensive marketing campaign to drive further growth

“*We've partnered with renowned esports clubs, including DUX Gaming (Spain), Team Gullit (Netherlands), Timbers Esports (Mexico) and Qlash (Italy).”*

“*We also offer "International Basketball Manager 2023" for sale on Steam, expanding our sports gaming portfolio.”*

### Additional Collaboration with Striker Manager 3 and their sister brand, International Basketball Manager:

**Additional Collaboration**: In addition to financial collaboration, both parties can explore opportunities to jointly promote events and activities, such as the NBA Pick EM in collaboration with the premium basketball game community ([International Basketball Manager 23](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2098130/International_Basketball_Manager_23/)) or the Soccer Weekly Pick EM with the Striker3 and Krause House Discords.

**Community Tools:**

The possibility of using Discord tools ([Mocha](https://top.gg/bot/987974524140146728)), such as a channel bridging bot, can be explored to amplify communities and encourage interaction between Striker Manager 3 and Krause House members.

It’s important to note that UPLAY Online is also developing a basketball manager web3 game. It will be similar to Striker Manager 3 but adapted to the basketball particularities. They are already working on this game and hope to launch it by the end of this year or at the beginning of the next. Krause House will be positioned to partner with this product as well.